suggestion: compas_rhino.RobotModelArtist.draw_visual() returns guids (#668)
compas-dev/compas: CHANGELOG.md

* Changed `is_windows` to work for CPython and IronPython.
* Changed `compas._os` functions to use `is_windows`, `is_mono`, `is_osx`.
* Changed IronPython checks to `compas.IPY` instead of `compas.is_ironpython`.

> * `compas_rhino.artist.RobotModelArtist` function `draw_visual` and `draw_collision` now returns list of newly created Rhino object guids.

Reviewer: There's some subject-verb disagreement here, so maybe "functions" instead of "function" and "return" instead of "returns".

> * `compas_rhino.artist.RobotModelArtist` function `draw_visual` and `draw_collision` now returns list of newly created Rhino object guids.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `compas_rhino.artist.RobotModelArtist` functions `draw_visual` and `draw_collision` now return list of newly created Rhino object guids.
```
